System.Linq.Async docs (#21831)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/Response.md

`ToListAsync` can be used to convert an `AsyncPageable` to a `List<T>`.  This might make several service calls if the data isn't returned in a single page.

```C# Snippet:SystemLinqAsyncToList
AsyncPageable<SecretProperties> allSecretProperties = client.GetPropertiesOfSecretsAsync();

// ToListAsync would convert asynchronous enumerable into a List<T>
List<SecretProperties> secretList = await allSecretProperties.ToListAsync();
```

### Take the first N elements

`Take` can be used to get only the first `N` elements of the `AsyncPageable`.  Using `Take` will make the fewest service calls required to get `N` items.

```C# Snippet:SystemLinqAsyncTake
AsyncPageable<SecretProperties> allSecretProperties = client.GetPropertiesOfSecretsAsync();

// Take would request enough pages to get 30 items
await foreach (var secretProperties in allSecretProperties.Take(30))
{
    Console.WriteLine(secretProperties.Name);
}
```

### More methods

`System.Linq.Async` provides other useful methods like `Select`, `Where`, `OrderBy`, `GroupBy`, etc. that provide functionality equivalent to their synchronous [`Enumerable` counterparts](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable).

> ### Beware client-side evaluation

Reviewer: Late to the party -- but consider this:
Beware client-side evaluation => Beware **of** client-side evaluation

}
```

## Using System.Linq.Async with AsyncPageable

> The [`System.Linq.Async`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Linq.Async) package provides a set of LINQ methods that operate on `IAsyncEnumerable<T>` type.

Reviewer 2: I was going to suggest we link to the docs...   but https://github.com/dotnet/reactive/issues/1097.

+@jongio - maybe we could use our vendor team to get the `System.Linq.Async` docs published since we're recommending that to customers using `IAsyncEnumerable`?

Author: I have a thread with System.Linq.Async owners about the docs.

Because `AsyncPageable<T>` implements `IAsyncEnumerable<T>` you can use `System.Linq.Async` to easily query and transform the data.

### Convert to a `List<T>`

> `ToListAsync` can be used to convert an `AsyncPageable` to a `List<T>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ToListAsync` can be used to convert an `AsyncPageable` to a `List<T>`.  This might make several service calls if the data isn't returned in a single page.
```

```C# Snippet:SystemLinqAsyncToList
AsyncPageable<SecretProperties> allSecretProperties = client.GetPropertiesOfSecretsAsync();

// ToListAsync would convert asynchronous enumerable into a List<T>
List<SecretProperties> secretList = await allSecretProperties.ToListAsync();
```

> ### Receive first N elements

Reviewer 2: Nit - maybe just call it Take?
```suggestion
### Take the first N elements
```

> `Take` can be used to enumerate only the first `N` elements of the `AsyncPageable`. When using `Take` we would receive the least amount of pages required to get `N` items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Take` can be used to get only the first `N` elements of the `AsyncPageable`.  Using `Take` will make the fewest service calls required to get `N` items.
```

```C# Snippet:SystemLinqAsyncTake
AsyncPageable<SecretProperties> allSecretProperties = client.GetPropertiesOfSecretsAsync();

// Take would request enough pages to get 30 items
await foreach (var secretProperties in allSecretProperties.Take(30))
{
    Console.WriteLine(secretProperties.Name);
}
```

### More methods

> `System.Linq.Async` provides other useful methods like `Select`, `Where`, `OrderBy`, `GroupBy`, etc. that provide functionality equivalent to their synchronous `IEnumerable` counterparts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`System.Linq.Async` provides other useful methods like `Select`, `Where`, `OrderBy`, `GroupBy`, etc. that provide functionality equivalent to their synchronous [`Enumerable` counterparts](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable).
```

> ### Client side evaluation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Beware client-side evaluation
```

> System.Linq.Async LINQ operations are executed on the client so, for example, the following query would receive all the items just to count them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`System.Linq.Async` LINQ operations are executed on the client so the following query would fetch all the items just to count them:
```

```C# Snippet:SystemLinqAsyncCount

> // DANGER DANGER DANGER
> // DO NOT COPY
> // CountAsync would receive all the items to calculate the count.
> int secretCount = await client.GetPropertiesOfSecretsAsync().CountAsync();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// DANGER! DO NOT COPY: CountAsync as used here fetches all the secrets locally to count them.
int expensiveSecretCount = await client.GetPropertiesOfSecretsAsync().CountAsync();
```

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same warning applies to operators like `Where`.  Always prefer server-side filtering, aggregation, or projections of data if available.
```
